so I was not on the program because if I
was half of you would not show up so
that's why it's a
surprise um okay I'm going to wait for
my music to get done and while the music
plays if anyone wants to step outside
because of language please do I have a
filthy mouth so I will not judge you
okay okay here we go
okay so there's something that I have
always struggled with and that is my
inability to deal with
[ __ ] there is just so much of it
it's it's it's everywhere but I think I
may have finally found a way to deal
with it allow me to explain so so a few
years ago when the US midterm election
cycle was in full swing I was consuming
news at a very unhealthy level now this
was a time when uh Arizona our wonderful
state had just passed a law called
sb170 now this was a law that allowed CS
to pull you over and ask you for your
papers just because you were Brown and
and the lawmakers claimed that this had
nothing to do with race and it would
just help make Arizona
safer but what they were really saying
was racial profiling we don't do that
here now let's go get that brown
[ __ ] and and this was a time where
this kind of [ __ ] was coming in from
all sides and I was I was just not sure
what to do in fact I have a photo of
myself from those
days I used to have a lot more hair back
then it's just it's been a struggle uh
and so I really felt that to stay sane I
had to do something and and so I began
to make art in response to all of the
things that were upsetting me all of the
things that I thought were
[ __ ] I I looked at all of this
incoming [ __ ] and I and I began to
respond with [ __ ] of my
own um I was I was frustrated with the
Republicans a
lot
yeah I was also frustrated with the
Democrats
and and that's a real Democrat that's a
real Democrat there has no balls and so
uh um and I did a whole series of these
posters um and they were part of a
larger audio and video exhibit called a
bunch of
Croc um and a bunch of Croc was all
about me it was a way for me to try and
feel
better about trying to make a home in
Arizona in post 911 America but it was
also my Howard Beal moment it was an
opportunity for me to yell obnoxious and
outrageous things and and when I began
to post all of this stuff online
and
um but something strange began I almost
feel bad for that one pre party is an
easy target they're so stupid so
um when I posted this stuff online
something strange began to happen what
was mostly meant as catharsis for me it
began to resonate with random strangers
um other than the occasional you are a
[ __ ] comment which I enjoyed very much
most of the feedback that I received
made it very clear that there are a
whole bunch of other people out there
also in need of this kind of Karis and
so now I want to take this idea step
further a bunch of Croc was about things
that I thought were [ __ ] but now I'm
making art about things that other
people think are
[ __ ]
so um and so recently I've started a
story collecting project where I take
other stories of [ __ ] and and I turn
them into uh into posters animations
videos audio stories and more uh let me
show you an
example so I have this three-year-old
son who's mostly potty trained but
occasionally he still has accidents like
yesterday he had a little poop accident
and here's how that went I asked him
what happened and he said I don't know I
didn't make that poop that poop isn't
mine and I said that poop that's in your
pants it's not yours and he's like nope
it's Daddy's so I said Daddy pooped in
your pants and he goes yes yes you did
daddy pooped in my
pants
why do hot dogss come in packs of eight
but buns only come in packs of six the
only way to make this combination work
is if I got 24
Beach [ __ ] that's a lot of
wieners my dad was an
[ __ ] that is a fact one day 10 years
ago he
vanished this was after we discovered
that he had been living a secret life he
had been lying about a lot of things
from the mundane to the
outlandish instead of dealing with
confrontation he just
vanished no one could find him no one
heard from him for a very long
time a few years later a friend sent me
a scan of an obituary page it was my
dad's he had died without ever trying to
reach out to us or to possibly write his
wrong nothing was resolved
and I received this letter just a few
days ago from the person who sent in
that story about their dad and and and
this is the first time I'm sharing this
with anyone um um and U allow me to read
you the letter it says I want you to
know how much your animation of my story
means to me when I watched it I started
crying it was the first time I've ever
cried about the whole
situation seeing it from the outside
someone else reading it someone else
animating it it gave me the distance I
needed to see for what it is a sad
[ __ ] story not just something that
happened to
me and
and this letter kind of of put things in
in perspective for me when I read it I
just I just sat there thinking about the
whole thing for a little bit and and
what I've realized is that as I work on
these projects what I've learned and and
and what I continue to learn is that is
that life can be difficult it can be
full of challenges uh it can be full of
[ __ ] but sometimes a little bit of
creativity and a little bit of humor can
help you get through and that's what my
art does for me and that's what I hope
it can do for others as well thank
you